Announcements

Stack Shifting Complete
The library’s shelf shifting project was completed this past week. The VWU campus community will notice ongoing construction over the coming weeks on the library’s second floor, outside of the University Archives and Study Room 3. For quieter study space and meetings, patrons are encouraged to utilize the rooms and spaces on the opposite side of the second floor. Additionally, our ranges from sections “A” through “E” are currently mislabeled as a result of shelf shifting and will require new signage. Patrons who require books from those sections are encouraged to ask for assistance while we produce new signage for those ranges.

New Operational Hours
The library is pleased to announce an extension in operational hours, which went into effect this past Saturday. Moving forward, the library will be open on Saturdays and will extend hours on Sundays within the following operational schedule:

Monday - Thursday: 8:00 AM to 12:00 AM (Midnight)
Friday: 8:00 AM to 4:30 PM
Saturday: 11:00 AM to 11:00 PM
Sunday: 12:00 PM to 12:00 AM (Midnight)






Displays
Native American Heritage Month Display
November is Native American Heritage Month! The library is celebrating with a display dedicated to Native American culture and Native American authors. Selected titles on display include There There (2018) by Tommy Orange, To Shape a Dragon’s Breath (2023) by Moniquill Blackgoose, and The Buffalo Hunter Hunter (2025), written by Stephen Graham Jones.

Electronic Resources
Trial Database Access Ending Soon!
It has been a privilege to host trials of the databases Applied Science & Technology Source Ultimate and World Politics Review for the Fall semester. These trials will continue to be available until December 3rd for Applied Science & Technology Source Ultimate and December 31st for World Politics Review. Please use them while they’re still available!

Miscellaneous
New Videos on Library YouTube Channel
The library YouTube channel has new videos giving information about how to access and use library resources. New videos include: 1. What Is an Annotated Bibliography? 2. Scholarly Sources: Outward Qualities and Peer Review 3. Scholarly Sources, Part 2: Finding Peer-Reviewed Articles in Databases 4. Scholarly Sources, Part 3: Finding Scholarly Books in the Catalog. Also check out this video about the library’s zine collection featuring library summer intern Ken Ashley!
